Add Doc changes for component creation revamp (#1169)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/develop-components/bring-your-own-image.md

!!! info
    - This feature is currently only available on [Private Data Planes (PDP)](https://wso2.com/choreo/docs/choreo-concepts/data-planes/#private-data-plane).

>     - This feature currently only supports the following component types: service components, web applications, scheduled tasks, and manual tasks.

Reviewer: Shall we merge the two points in a manner similar to the following:
This feature is currently available only on [Private Data Planes (PDP)](https://wso2.com/choreo/docs/choreo-concepts/data-planes/#private-data-plane) and supports the following component types:
 - Services
 - Web applications
 - Scheduled tasks
 - Manual tasks

2. Under **Component Listing** click **+ Create**.
3. Select your component type. (BYOI is only available for Service, Web App, Scheduled Task, or Manual Trigger components) 
4. Enter a **name** and **Description**.

> 5. Select **DockerHub** tab or **Container Registry** tab based on your vendor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select either the **DockerHub** tab or the **Container Registry** tab depending on your vendor.
```
